# Client Meeting on 02/03/2024
## Meeting Start Time
**2024/2/3/11:00**
## Meeting End Time
**2024/2/3/11:45**
## Location/Medium
Zoom
## Present
Beethoven, Peter, Tommy, Ethan, Alicia
## Minute Recorder
Tommy Nguyen
11:03 - clarified to Dr.mockoy that we are working on the itration locally due to AWS problems
11:05 - Discussion of swapping out to a new Peak Mind Logo and showing Dr.Mckoy the logning in page and dashboard
11:07 - talk about biometric privacy 
## Topics Discussed
We dicussed about changing the old logo to the new logo for the loging screen on the web app. Dr.Mckoy want the user's name and 6 digit numbers digit code to display in the web app dashboard. Lastly, she wanted us to add new data to some the visual chart so it does not look stagant since it is not meant to be stagnant. 
## Things Clarified
Dr.Mckoy clarified that she want to be able to change username and password so it does not look gerenic when she present it to her client. She also metioned to us some privacy risks that we needed to be aware of such as when exporting the videos, the name of the video export is not tagging the user's name but only the encoded 6 digits numbers. Another privacy problem that she clarified to us was that we needed to ask permission from HP for the blood pressure data.
## Client Use of the Project
We gave Dr.Mckoy a demonstrative functionality from her request of the web app, starting off with the loging screen. 
Dr.Mckoy was able to see that we are able to log in using the user name and password created, either as a user or an admin. She was able to see the dashboard with the session tha show the date which at the time, our test data had an invalid date. We also show her that we now have a session video which request the video from the backend.
We showed her the functionality of the web app on zoom for about 40 minutes.
Overall Dr.Mckoy was satisfied and wanted to note down minor features we were working on incase she needs to present this to her client.
Something that we notcied that was unsual was Dr.Mckoy notifying us that the repository she gave us might not of been the one that's up to date. She mentioned how that the loging page is trhe older version.
The only issue I brought up at the end was loging feedback that user might run into since there are no feedback when user input a wrong username and password. 
