# Client Meeting on 04/15/2024
## Meeting Start Time
**2024/04/15/19:00**
## Meeting End Time
**2024/04/15/20:30**
## Location/Medium
Client Site Lab (1250 Indiana Ave)
## Present
Beethoven, Ethan, Peter, Tommy and Alicia
## Minute Recorder
Tommy Nguyen
## Topics Discussed
Iteration 5 features and what we got completed up until now. We discussed functionality like the back button and facial recognition.
## Things Clarified
We clarified to Dr.Mckoy what we will get finished until the end of the week such as the password reset and finishing up what left of the facial recognition. We also ran by her on what other small functionality she need from us until the end of the week.
## Client Use of the Project
### How did the client use the software?
### What features did they test in your software?
Dr. Mckoy tested and saw the saving of users in our local database. Dr.Mckoy also were able to use the new fuction with the orginization report within the web-app.
### How long did they use your software?
Dr. Mckoy used the software for roughly 10 minutes on her own to complete and explore what's new on the web-app and Unity. She also watched us use, modify, and demonstrate the software for extra 5 minutes. 
### How was their reaction to the software?
Dr. Mckoy was content  with our updates, such as the updated new Peak Mind logo but also wanted the project to fully work outside of the simulator. She also wanted us to havea fully updated documented for her before sending over new changed at the end of the week.
### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
Dr.Mckoy was pleased with the changes we had but wanted the UIUX to change in Unity where the heart rate varaible is made bigger along with making it more pleasing to look at.
### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
Dr.Mckoy mentioned that certain local machine would have Unity problem but it could be the machines problem and not the software since not all of the machine run into the same problem.
