# Client Meeting on 03/05/2024
## Meeting Start Time
**2024/03/05/10:40**
## Meeting End Time
**2024/03/05/15:00**
## Location/Medium
Client Site Lab (1250 Indiana Ave)
## Present
Beethoven, Ethan, Alicia (Peter and Tommy could not physically attend due to already planned Spring Break events. We could not schedule another day, this client meeting had to happen at this very time.)
## Minute Recorder
Beethoven Meginnis
## Topics Discussed
Iteration 5 features: Shave timestamps off for greater readability. Get heart rate variability working (was working previously). Reset my password (password forget functionality). If a user deletes their data, we need to keep that data on the admin side. Try to ensure that datetimes are truly local. Can we test without docker? We need video upload to work with the VR headset. The physical headset currently outputs an empty video file. See Issues subsection for more details. 
## Things Clarified
We need to be able to transfer the admin account to Dr. Mckoy. Dr. Mckoy needs to know what is set as public in github. We will need to transfer our github repos to Dr. Mckoy's. We need to communicate this over email so that she can accept the transfer. https://github.com/eforrest8/NextGenEmotionComputing will need to be set to private eventually. We need to give Dr. Mckoy access to this repo prior to making it private. 
## Client Use of the Project
### How did the client use the software?
The client, Dr. Mckoy physically used her laptop (that I spent hours getting the project running on without problems). She navigated Unity, the simulator, and the webapp to successfully complete the data upload loop. I demonstrated information such as the saving of users in our local database. 
### What features did they test in your software?
Dr. Mckoy tested the full loop of both json and video from running Unity in combination with the simulator/VR headset all the way to the frontend webapp that the user can view. She additionally tested minor features such as saving notes from the unity end, accurate datetimes, video playback and video export in the webapp. 
### How long did they use your software?
Dr. Mckoy was present and worked along side Ethan to test the software for several hours. Her actual use of the VR headset lasted approximately 2 minutes in total. She then navigated the webapp menu to discover the uploaded and displayed video as well as the other more minor changes we had made to the session dashboard. This also lasted approxmately 2-3 minutes. 
### How was their reaction to the software?
Dr. Mckoy was impressed with our updates, but also wanted the project to fully work outside of the simulator (using the VR headset). See Issues subsection for more details. 
### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
I recognized that we actually had a great deal of functionality that the client and professor had previously talked about in previous meetings. This was quite the contrast compared to most client partner meetings. 
### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
Video upload does work using the simulator, but does not work using the physical VR headset. This will be a feature to look into in iteration 5 and we will likely have to come down to Indianapolis to fix this. Ethan spent hours attempting to get this to work while I troubleshooted the installiation of the project on Dr. mckoy's other computer and could not get it to work. For some unexplainable reason, the headset outputs an empty mp4 file. 

